# Infriendly

> In a world dominated by smarts, perhaps stupid is better…

## Not Ready Yet

Infriendly is still under construction, so please check back later.

## Preface

Infriendly is an online web platform for writing textual documents that
intentionally does not have any "smart" features. Unlike other writing platforms
that offer auto-correct, grammar suggestions, or formatting assistance,
Infriendly aims to provide a simple and straightforward environment for users to
focus solely on their writing.

And there’s no generative AI features. You have to do the writing yourself, or
at least flip to a different tab to visit your favourite AI language model.
*It doesn’t even have auto-correct, what do you expect?*

By eliminating distractions and unnecessary features, Infriendly encourages
users to rely on their own skills and creativity without relying on automated
assistance. It promotes a more organic and authentic writing experience,
allowing users to fully express their thoughts and ideas without any
interference.

Infriendly's minimalist approach appeals to those who prefer a clean and
distraction-free interface. It is particularly useful for writers who want to
maintain complete control over their writing process and style, without the
influence of automated suggestions or corrections.

And when I say minimalist, I *mean it* — there’s nothing but you, a browser
window and your keyboard. There’s standard CUA keyboard shortcuts, so you get
easy access to your usual shortcuts, you know, `Control-Z`, `Control-X`,
`Control-C`, `Control-V`.

Infriendly's simplicity and lack of automated features may not appeal to
everyone. Some users may prefer the convenience and assistance provided by
AI-powered writing tools. However, for those who value a pure and unadulterated
writing experience, Infriendly offers a refreshing alternative. It allows
writers to focus solely on their words, fostering a sense of creativity and
self-reliance.

## Usage

You can access Infriendly at `https://that1m8head.github.io/infriendly`.

Once you open it up, you’ll be greeted with a white screen (or `#222222` screen,
if you’re using dark mode) and a blinking text prompt.

Infriendly defaults to Markdown for formatting, and doesn’t let you use anything
else, because that would be a distraction.

## Offline Usage

Infriendly does not currently support offline usage. It is an online web
platform that requires an internet connection to access and use. However, you
can bookmark the URL `https://that1m8head.github.io/infriendly` to quickly
access Infriendly whenever you have an internet connection.

If you’re experienced in making web apps work offline, I’d appreciate the help.

## License

Infriendly is licensed to everyone under the Apache License 2.0.

## Contribution

Feel free to send pull requests with feature contributions, just as long as they
don’t break Infriendly’s editing model.